KPI-Q1: Examine bounce rate for C# pattern matching tutorial (#20814)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/pattern-matching.md

## See also

> - [Tutorial: Use pattern matching to conditionally return a value](tutorials/pattern-matching.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Use pattern matching to build type-driven and data-driven algorithms](tutorials/pattern-matching.md)
```
